CO-3401: update documentation for invalid nested custom attributes when using users/track (#9664)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/user_data/post_user_track.md

Each event object in the events array represents a single occurrence of a custom event by a user at a designated time. This means each event ingested into Braze has its own event ID, so "duplicate" events are treated as separate, unique events.

> ### How does this endpoint handle invalid nested custom attributes?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How does `/users/track` handle invalid nested custom attributes?
```

Each event object in the events array represents a single occurrence of a custom event by a user at a designated time. This means each event ingested into Braze has its own event ID, so "duplicate" events are treated as separate, unique events.

### How does `/users/track` handle invalid nested custom attributes?

> When a nested custom attribute contains any invalid values (such as invalid time formats or null values), the entire nested custom attribute update will be dropped from processing. This applies to all nested structures within that specific attribute. To ensure successful processing, verify that all values within nested custom attributes are valid before sending.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if instead of "the entire nested custom attribute update will be dropped" we want something like "all nested custom attribute updates in the request will be dropped" to make it clear that it's not just the faulty NCA being dropped, but all of them

> ### How does `/users/track` handle invalid nested custom attributes?
> When a nested custom attribute contains any invalid values (such as invalid time formats or null values), all nested custom attribute updates in the request will be dropped from processing. This applies to all nested structures within that specific attribute. To ensure successful processing, verify that all values within nested custom attributes are valid before sending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How does this endpoint handle invalid nested custom attributes?

When a nested custom attribute contains any invalid values (such as invalid time formats or null values), all nested custom attribute updates in the request will be dropped from processing. This applies to all nested structures within that specific attribute. To ensure successful processing, verify that all values within nested custom attributes are valid before sending.
```
